-: Welcome back.
In previous lecture, we have completed testing
by fixing the SDS Zoom role fix, okay?
So now we are going to change the app version
to V2 or V3 and then checking the code
and then see how pipeline triggers
and then how the changes flow across the thing, okay?
So now let me go and then close this EC2
or we can leave it like this.
So the next thing is make changes
in the index data html, okay?
So we can say V3 or V2, whatever it is, okay?
So we'll go there and then make the change, right?
So let me make this smaller.
Let me close this.
And here is the folder I have added
from my local get triple, right?
And this is the index.html.
So I'm going to say something like V3, okay?
And then I will save it, okay?
And if I go here and then say get status,
so there is a change for our index.html.
So I will say get add, get commit, hyphen am,
and V3 deployment, I will say, okay?
And I will say get push, right?
And now we'll go back
and then verify the same thing on our pipeline.
So let's go here and go to our pipelines.
And if you open this DevOps pipeline,
so currently, nothing one added.
First set is the source it is referencing.
So let's wait for the changes to happen.
So now the changes came in.
So V3 deployment is the source it is referencing now
and it moved onto the build phase.
And then here, if I click on details,
we will see that build locks now, right?
So let's wait for the build locks
to come in here to see what happens, right?
We got the locks
and then it says that status also succeeded.
So we can go down and then all the changes looks good.
It is going down, down, down, down.
So it went here and then as you move the role
and then if you see it here earlier,
it got created because it is the first time.
So now it is saying configured, right?
So far EKS DevOps deployment, okay?
So inside this EKS DevOps deployment object,
it said configured.
But we didn't change anything related to node port service
or Ingress service.
So it is in the unchanged state only, okay?
And then we completed this.
So now we can go back
and then verify our EC2 management console.
This is nothing unchanged, okay?
So nothing happened here, okay?
So now if we click here, Enter, it should become V3, right?
Whatever we have provided.
So one thing we didn't check here is S3 buckets, right?
So we also need to see our source
build whatever has the artifact section.
So in artifacts section for our buildspec.yml,
so whatever we said is take the build.gsn
and then kube manifests, okay?
So kube manifests should have our respective deployment file
and then this value should be replaced
with the latest container image.
So we need to verify that, okay?
So that's our understanding and the learning process
about what happened inside that, right?
So let's go there and then verify that.
So go to build details,
and if you go inside build details, so if you see here,
artifact upload location, inside artifacts.
So if you click on that, this is the correct build
whatever happened as part of this current build, okay?
So I'll open that, right?
And it opened this respective build.
So I'm going to download it.
So I have downloaded it and then opened it
in my local BLKHS7WA, right?
So it is matching the same thing here.
I'll go inside kube manifest, right?
So if you see here in the builder.json
open with the Visual Studio code,
you'll find the image URL, right?
So at the end, you'll see that 09631C52, right?
So you can see the same in our bill logs also,
we should see that okay.
Repository, when we are pushing it,
we are printing it, okay?
So here, okay, so 09613C52.
So this is what we pushed it and then we found the same.
At the end, you can see 3C52, 3C52.
The same thing you should see
in our DevOps deployment object, okay?
So go to kube manifest
and then see this and you'll find that, okay?
So container image is replaced with the repository URL
and then tag with the 09613C52.
So that's the thing, okay?
So we have verified those things, good.
So now I am happy, okay?
So this completes this
and now what we are going to do
is we have verified this stuff, okay?
V3 stuff, okay?
Now we are going to make a change to our Ingress manifest
by adding additional DevOps to .q1cloud.com.
So these changes are not only
for our Docker application images,
but even if you want to apply the changes
for your kube manifest,
only thing is your application build one more time generated
and then new Docker image came,
but still you'll be able to do it this way, okay?
So devops.devops2.kube1cloud.com,
you are going to add for our manifest here.
So this is our Ingress manifest
in our local get triple, right?
So I'll go here and then copy this
and I'll put a comma space,
and then I'll say DevOps two,
and then I will save it, right?
And if I go back here and then clear
and if I say get status, so my Ingress service has a change.
So I'll say getcommit-am,
and I'm going to say V4 and V4 deployment.
And I'm going to say Ingress DevOps two
DNS name change, right?
And then I'm going to push this change
to the remote code commit repository, right?
So the change is pushed.
So let's go back here
and go to our code build and go to our pipeline, right?
And now soon the pipeline should trigger, it triggered.
So if you see here,
code committee is picking the latest source now.
So let's wait for the source to be picked.
Once it is picked, it will move on to the build phase.
So let's wait for it.
So good.
So now we got the Ingress DevOps
to DNS name change related thing.
So now the build is running.
So I'm going to click on details
and we'll go to that respective build details
and then logs.
So we can see build got succeeded
and all the phases got succeeded.
So let's go to build logs and verify what it changed, right?
So you can see Ingress manifest got configured
and then deployment because Docker also runs
for creating a new Docker image.
So deployment also got configured,
and then node port service unchanged, okay?
So now, let's go back to our route 53
and then verify if we have a new
two more DNS names here, okay?
So let's go to hostage zones and Q1 cloud.
So we need to refresh the entire stuff here, okay?
So screen refresh, okay?
Browser refresh, that's good, okay?
And I'm not sure why this still didn't come.
It got it right.
So devops2.q1cloud.com, you can see them here, okay?
So now let's go to here and then clear it
and then say NS lookup devops2.q1cloud.com.
And then it's resolving 13 and triple two.
It looks good.
So now, take it in a new tab,
http//devops2.kubeoncloud.com/1/index.html.
So now we should have our application
up and running with V3 version, right?
So this is very nice now.
So this completes the DevOps section implementation
with code commit, code build, and then code pipeline.
So if you want to delete all the manifest,
whatever we created, we need to delete definitely
because we have a load balancer here
which is charging, okay?
So which is chargeable
and then it'll be a high price, right?
So first, let's remove that manifest.
So as you in your local already kubectl is configured.
So I am going to say,
and I am inside this DevOps engine X folder only
and I have the kube manifest here.
So I'm going to say kubectl delete hyphen F kube manifest.
So I'm doing the full cleanup
of my whatever I have created inside Kubernetes cluster.
So once that is done,
so we'll also remove the other stuff, right?
So now this is done.
If I go ahead and then say kubectl get pods,
nothing should be there, right?
External DNS only.
Right? Yeah.
Now let's go here and my load balancer is gone.
Good, so now this is good.
So now we'll go back
and then removal pipeline is per month $1 or something.
It charges.
If you want, you can even delete that pipeline, okay?
So I'm going to say delete no resource
that needed for this source action.
So delete, okay.
So I deleted it, okay.
So now pipeline is gone.
So we have the code built projects here
which we are going to clean up.
So EKS DevOps pipe, so I'm going to delete it.
So delete build project, and I'm going to say delete.
And I'm also going to delete the old ones
which I have created as part of this.
Also, let me delete this
so that it will be clean for us, okay?
Good, so now only one thing we have with us
is code commit, right?
So let's go here and then in code commit,
we have something called EKS DevOps engine X.
So if you're not interested, you can delete this repository.
But usually, I hold my repository here.
It doesn't cost much for me,
so I leave it like this, okay?
So if you want, you can delete this repository also.
So this completes the cleanup process.
Also, in addition to that,
if you want to delete all the roles,
whatever we have created as part of this,
so you can go there and then even delete those, okay?
So we can say IM surveys
and if we go for the roles,
so we'll find something called EKS, right?
And then we'll find something called code build EKS DevOps.
This is one rule which we have created.
And EKS code build kubectl role, this one we have created.
So let's delete them, okay.
Good, and these roles are related
to CloudWatch related roles, events.
If you want, you can even delete them, okay?
So I'll leave it as is for me.
So this completes the entire DevOps section
we have implemented.
So in our next section, we'll focus on another concept
like microservices or autoscaling or something else.
So until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.